Rewrite README to remove obsolete stuff (#166)
signalfx/tracing-examples: README.md

[OpenCensus](https://opencensus.io/). So long as the tracer configured to send
spans to SignalFx ingest endpoint uses the Zipkin v1/2 JSON wire format or
Jaeger Thrift format, we will accept spans irrespective of how they were
instrumented - via one of the above mentioned open libraries or a homegrown one.
Our goal is to build on the shoulders of giant communities rather than re-invent
the wheel with proprietary libraries/agents and give customers choice to decide
what works for them without worrying about vendor lock-in.
## Supported formats

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opentracing.io">
  <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/15482765?s=100&v=4"
       alt="OpenTracing" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://jaegertracing.io">
  <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/28545596?s=100&v=4"
       alt="Jaeger Tracing" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://zipkin.io">
  <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/11860887?s=100&v=4"
       alt="ZipKin" /></a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://opencensus.io">
  <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/26944525?s=100&v=4"
       alt="OpenCensus" /></a>

> </p>

Reviewer: 🤘🏻 😁 🤘🏻

> Splunk Observability Cloud and the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector
> can ingest spans in the following formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Splunk Observability Cloud and the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector
can ingest tracing data in the following formats:
```

The list is not comprehensive but the statement reads like it is. Is there a way to say "these are the relevant/interesting formats we cover in this repo" or something?

Author: Sure! Adding

>ℹ️&nbsp;&nbsp;SignalFx was acquired by Splunk in October 2019. See [Splunk SignalFx](https://www.splunk.com/en_us/investor-relations/acquisitions/signalfx.html) for more information.

# Tracing examples for Splunk Observability Cloud

This repository contains tracing examples for Splunk Observability Cloud, formerly
known as SignalFx. Most of the examples use Splunk distributions of OpenTelemetry
instrumentations. To learn more about OpenTelemetry and Splunk Observability Cloud,
see [the official documentation](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability).

## Supported formats

Splunk Observability Cloud and the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector
can ingest spans in the following formats:

- OpenTelemetry Protocol or OTLP (Preferred)

> - Jaeger gRPC and Thrift

Reviewer 2: Jeager protocol was deprecated, I am not sure if we should promote it.

Author: Good point, though at the same it's true that we can still ingest it...

Author: Let me remove it for now then :)
